memory.
Can't remember.
Shiri answered the phone.
I feel so dizzy.
Can you ask me to come and see me? No.
Are you busy at the moment?
Of course I'm busy. Busy with my wife.
Dizzy, are you angry?
I don't have any more,
I'm not angry.
Really, really not angry?
Not really.
It’s good to be angry. He got angry and said he didn't like it.
Show that you care.
This is how I got to know you. I'm angry too.
Dizzy, it's all your fault.
The handsomeness fades away.
seven degrees of extraordinary
The three masters of soul and god
This is so damn charming
That phone call just now
He is the heartbeater dancing today
Do you want me to explain?
what do you want to explain
Explain that you are behind my back
The charmer who conquered me with his charm is actually
We have known Tingqi for a long time
But I swear I'm
It has absolutely nothing to do with him
I can prove it with my hands
You have known each other for a long time
lose your phone
Didn't they put him on the blacklist?
It doesn't matter, I said
I said not yet?